Podcast Questions

Listen to the Podcast at https://twit.tv/shows/floss-weekly/episodes/500

    7:21 Who is Vicky Brasseur and what does she do?
	Vicky is an author of Forge your future with opensource.  She used to run the software engineering department for BP.  Now freelances for companies - sustaining, use, contribute to, release and comply with free and opensource software projects.

    8:45 What has changed the most in regards to the term OpenSource in the last 25+ years?
	has become more mainstream.  don't have to explain what free and oss is now.  It has become the default when starting something.  It has become the way we do business.

    10:00 What is assumed to now be the default development pattern for new software?
	Start with open source and then build on it.

    13:00 According to Randall, when a company publishes its code as OpenSource, what do they gain?
	They gain resources of anyone who may be interested in that software.  Principle of leveraging.

    15:57 What do companies struggle with when they decide to opensource their codebase and core-products and how do they solve it?
	How do we make $$?  They need the business model before they release it.  Know how to run a business - user studies, market research, figure those things out.

    19:00 What are some of the OpenSource companies?
	Red Hat, Hortonworks, MongoDB

    19:35 What are the majority of OpenSource companies strategies to make money?
	Let's get acquired

    22:40 What do companies need to figure out about Free and OpenSource?
	Figure out why free and opensource is important for this company.  Also, what is free and opensource: history, licensing, foundation of knowledge

    24:25 What is the term "Yak-Shaving" mean?
	all of the crap you need to do before you can get back to the one thing you're to accomplish

    27:25 Who is Vicky's new book targeting?
	Roles of developers, free and opensource development designers, translaters, security folks, documentarians and all of the folks who are necessary to make a project successful.

    28:03 What is the book about?
	How to contribute to free and opensource software - the missing manual

    33:25 What is the mistaken impression about contributing to OpenSource Software?
	I don't know how to code, so I can't help

    37:40 What do you need to read before contributing to an OpenSource project?
	Read the contributing guide

    43:00 What does Vicky believe is important for a project to have and to enforce for a community?
	It's important to have a Code of Conduct and to welcome people.  The project must also know what they will do with problems and problem people.

    48:01 What is the myth about users of propriatery operating systems (Windows and MacOS)?
	that you don't believe in opensource

    49:00 Vicky used Linux for 10 years, what drove her away from it?
	Spent too much time beating it into submission.  Needed to streamline her workflow.

